Use Customer Account API in `templates/skeleton` & `template/demo-store` (#1576)
Shopify/hydrogen: .changeset/tasty-plums-pump.md

---
'skeleton': patch
'@shopify/hydrogen': patch
'@shopify/cli-hydrogen': patch
---

> ✨ Use the new Customer Account API in the account section of the skeleton template

Reviewer: ```suggestion
✨ Use the new Customer Account API in new projects in the starter template.
```

We don't use "skeleton template" in our marketing.

---
'skeleton': patch
'@shopify/hydrogen': patch
'@shopify/cli-hydrogen': patch
---

✨ Use the new Customer Account API in the account section of the skeleton template

> ✨ add a `authUrl` option to customerClient. It is default to `/authorize`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
✨ Add an `authUrl` option to `createCustomerClient` that defines the route in your app that authorizes a user after logging in. The default value is `/authorize`.
```

This was a great catch! Thx for adding it!
